## Manuscript Text Components

The various sections of the manuscript should be assembled in the
following sequence:

-   Manuscript Title (in Title Case), Authorship, and Affiliations
	(single page)
-   Abstract (single page, labeled)
-   Introduction
-   Experimental and/or Theoretical Methods
-   Results and Discussion
-   Conclusions
-   Supporting Information Description
-   Acknowledgment
-   References (Manuscript titles should be provided and they should be
	in Title Case or sentence case. Mixed cases are not acceptable.)
-   Table of Contents Image (at the end of the manuscript) and labeled
	accordingly.
-   Author Biographies (for Feature Articles & Review Articles only)
-   Supporting Information: submitted as separate files and not repeated
	in the manuscript (proposed cover art images should be submitted as
	Supporting Information for Review Only)

Please note that graphics of each type (figures, tables, schemes,
charts) should be presented in numerical order. In addition, graphics of
each type (figures, tables, schemes, charts) should be mentioned in the
manuscript text in numerical order.

### Title

The title should be specific and informative and be in Title Case. Using
keywords in the title assists in effective literature retrieval. The
title, authorship, and institutional affiliations should be included on
a single page. Avoid using common phrases such as “investigation”,
“study”, “demonstration”, or “performance evaluation”, uncommon
acronyms, and words such as “First”, “Novel”, “Facile”, and “One Pot” in
the title and abstract.

### Authorship

Be consistent in authorship designation on the manuscript and on all
correspondence. First name, middle initial, and last name are preferred
for correct identification, but omit titles. Give the complete mailing
address of the institution where the work was conducted and identify the
affiliation of each author. If the current address of an author is
different, include it in a footnote on the title page. The corresponding
author to whom inquiries about the paper should be addressed must be
marked with an asterisk; provide the telephone number and e-mail address
of this correspondent. All authors are notified by e-mail when the
manuscript is assigned to an Editor.

### Abstract

The abstract should be a clear, concise, one paragraph summary (100−200
words). It should be informative rather than descriptive, giving scope,
purpose, experimental approach, significant results, and major
conclusions. Do not cite references or refer to tables, figures, or
other sections of the paper in the abstract. Do not use graphics,
equations, or tables in the Abstract because this material will not
display in secondary sources (e.g., *Chemical Abstracts*). Abbreviations
and acronyms should be defined upon first usage. Authors’ abstracts are
used directly for *Chemical Abstracts.*

### Introduction

Discuss relationships of the study to previously published work but do
not reiterate or attempt to provide a complete literature survey. The
purpose or reason for the research being reported and its significance,
originality, or contribution to new knowledge in the field should be
clearly and concisely stated. Do not include or summarize current
findings in this section.

### Experimental and/or Theoretical Methods

***General Information.*** Complicated chemical equations, schemes, and
structures should be supplied as artwork, ready for publication. Schemes
and charts should be numbered consecutively with Arabic numbers.
Capital, lowercase, and Greek letters should be easily discernible or
identified if ambiguity might result. Complicated superscripts and
subscripts should be avoided. Tables, Figures, and Figure Captions
should be embedded within the Experimental/Theoretical Methods section.

Authors must emphasize any unexpected, new, and/or significant hazards
or risks associated with the reported work. This information should be
in the experimental details section of the full article or
communication.

### Results/Discussion

Results and Discussion may be presented in separate sections or combined
into a single section, whichever format conveys the results in the most
lucid fashion. The author should discuss the significance of
observations, measurements, or computations and should also point out
how these contribute to the scientific objectives indicated in the
Introduction. Tables, Figures, and Figure Captions should be embedded
within the text.

### Conclusions

A brief summary should be given for the principal conclusions of the
work.

### Appendices

The inclusion of appendices is generally discouraged and should only be
used when a specific equation or result needs to be derived and when
there is a compelling reason for not including that information in the
Supporting Information.

### Acknowledgment/Dedication

Acknowledgments of financial assistance for the conduct of research,
citations of theses, or indications of presentation at a research
meeting should be brief and placed in this section. Acknowledgments to
specific individuals who contributed to the science are allowed.
Dedications are not recommended and must reference scientific
contributions. Statements deemed inappropriately personal will be
removed by the Journal office staff.

### Author Biographies

Feature Articles and Review (and Mini-Review) Articles include a brief
biography for each author of the paper. Biographies should contain
approximately four to five sentences describing the author’s education,
previous and current positions, and scientific interests. Photograph(s)
are optional but welcome. Photos of authors posed individually are
acceptable; however, if more than five authors wish to include
photographs, a group picture is required. Biographies (and photographs)
are to be submitted as part of the manuscript.

### Supporting Information 

This information is provided to the reviewers during the peer-review
process (for Review Only) and is available to readers of the published
work (for Publication). Supporting Information must be submitted at the
same time as the manuscript. See the list of
<a href="https://pubs.acs.org/page/4authors/submission/software.html"
class="btn btn--link" target="_blank">Acceptable Software by File
Designation</a> and confirm that your Supporting Information is
<a href="http://pubs.acs.org/page/4authors/tools/viewers.html"
class="btn btn--link" target="_blank">viewable</a>.

If the manuscript is accompanied by any supporting information files for
publication, these files will be made available free of charge to
readers. A brief, nonsentence description of the actual contents of each
file, including the file type extension, is required. This description
should be labeled Supporting Information and should appear before the
Acknowledgement and Reference sections.  Examples of sufficient and
insufficient descriptions are as follows:

Examples of sufficient descriptions: “Supporting Information: ^1^H NMR
spectra for all compounds (PDF)” or “Additional experimental details,
materials, and methods, including photographs of experimental setup
(DOC)”.

Examples of insufficient descriptions: “Supporting Information: Figures
S1-S3” or “Additional figures as mentioned in the text”.

When including supporting information for review only, include copies of
references that are unpublished or in-press. These files are available
only to editors and reviewers.
